program
others
drivers
there
try
all
sh soils
in the
Get
When you feel like seeing a woman's own다 Five things that you ceased...
the sending having meet the native of the Afterworld.
The courage to say toそう sitting, from the styling rung rove...
arn more of being
When the woman who earth hundred ryo un haz of body white faces.
Ah appointed fins unmistaking so the saintly line of the religion...
And the depths of Mount Komachi.
Sofia's
I'm glad to see you.
I missed you.
I don't know if you're well,
but you're a good man.
You must be able to work hard from now on.
I'm glad to see you.
The mountain of Kochi is clean.
I can't see it because it's so dirty.
I'm trying to get 800 ryo of white gold.
I'm thinking about disbanding the village.
If I tell you the truth,
I'll bring down the imperial court.
My sword
Come again, next time at thathyukrit!